Added info on account scoped data sets (#2283)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/logs/src/content/reference/logpush-api-configuration/index.md

## Endpoints

> The table below summarizes the job operations available. All the examples in this page are for zone-scoped data sets. Account-scoped data sets should use `/accounts/<ACCOUNT_ID>` instead of `/zone/<ZONE_ID>`. For more information visit the [Log fields](/reference/log-fields) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below summarizes the job operations available. All the examples in this page are for zone-scoped data sets. Account-scoped data sets should use `/accounts/<ACCOUNT_ID>` instead of `/zone/<ZONE_ID>`. For more information, refer to the [Log fields](/reference/log-fields) page.
```
